                            John R. Daily
                            jdaily@me.com

Recent Job      Virtusa
Experience      Associate Director                              05/17-Present

                Assist large pharmaceutical company with deployment
                and automation of a cloud infrastructure for mobile
                medical applications, leveraging Python, AWS, and
                Splunk. Consult on applications development and
                security infrastructure.

                Develop language processing engine in Python for
                adverse event reports that integrates libraries such
                as spaCy and SciBite to correlate drugs with events
                and calculate time to onset.

                Evaluate and develop automated robotic process
                automation tools.


                Basho Technologies
                Senior Software Engineer                        07/14-05/17
                Technical Evangelist                            01/13-07/14

                Develop Riak KV and Riak TS, distributed NoSQL
                database software with an emphasis on massive scale
                and availability. Mentor new engineers on remote work,
                Basho culture, Riak history and architectural
                decisions. Develop documentation and provide support
                for customers and open source users.

                Assisted sales and marketing teams. Coordinated
                community efforts around Basho's open source database
                Riak. Gave talks to user groups and at conferences.
                Acted as a communications bridge between engineering,
                professional services, client services, and marketing.

                Generated documentation and blog posts. Co-wrote/edited
                the second edition of The Little Riak Book.

                https://web.archive.org/web/20170801133203/http://basho.com/posts/author/john-daily/


                Apparatus, Inc.
                Solutions Architect                             08/04-01/13

                Performed software development and systems
                administration, assisted with strategic business
                planning. Worked at a local Fortune 200 company
                deploying a mobile device management infrastructure.

                Significant development efforts included a WebSphere
                application deployment engine and MDM reporting tool,
                both written in Perl.


                Progeny Linux Systems, Inc.
                Systems Programmer                              12/00-06/01
                Consultant                                      06/01-02/02
                Projects Manager                                02/02-08/02
                Director of Technology                          08/02-07/04

                Served in a wide variety of roles for a technology
                startup.  Primarily responsible for technical
                architecture with other duties including project
                management and sales.

                In other roles, duties included managing security updates
                for commercial products, designing and building an XML
                infrastructure, Linux kernel programming, web development,
                and technical writing.


                Eli Lilly and Company
                Systems Analyst                                  6/99-12/00

                Initially served as firewall, systems, and network
                administrator in the Internet infrastructure team, with an
                emphasis on Solaris administration. Moved into a strategic
                role, serving as an unofficial architect within the
                broader enterprise infrastructure division and as a
                consultant to internal customers in several business
                areas, including e-commerce.

                Significant accomplishments include the establishment of
                the first company-wide LDAP service, development of the
                Internet infrastructure team's first standardized web
                platform including Cold Fusion, WebSphere, and iPlanet,
                and design of a scalable, secure, and robust web hosting
                infrastructure to serve the entire company.


                Software Synergy, Inc.
                Consulting Analyst                               4/98-6/99

                Contracted with Eli Lilly, a Fortune 200 pharmaceuticals
                firm, as systems and network administrator. See above for
                further details.


                BBN/GTE Internetworking
                Software Engineer/Systems Administrator          3/97-3/98

                Besides general administration of Solaris and Windows
                computers, projects included NetBSD kernel programming to
                enhance IP layer security, evaluation of virtual private
                network products, integration testing of intrusion
                detection software, and support of certificate management
                system development.


                Indiana Interactive
                System Administrator                             9/95-3/97

                In charge of expansion and maintenance of very young,
                fast-growing network.  Responsibilities included Solaris,
                NT, firewall, and general TCP/IP administration, network
                application development, and both internal and external
                technical support.

                Accomplishments included installation and maintenance of
                Apache and Netscape web servers, an anonymous FTP server,
                cross-platform scheduling software, program development
                tools such as gcc and Perl, majordomo, and sendmail v8, as
                well as the creation of several C and Java-based servers
                to handle file and transaction transfers across networks
                and to maintain customer password consistency in multiple
                files across several machines.


Related         C, Perl, Python, and Erlang development
Skills          System administration in mixed UNIX/Windows environments
                Strong networking skills
                NoSQL and relational databases
                Several years in team management and technical lead roles


Other           Copy editing, public speaking, photography
Skills


Education       Indiana University-Purdue University-Indianapolis
                Major:      Computer and Information Science (Senior)
                Completion: Sometime after the sun reaches brown dwarf
                            status
